ready this one oh my god okay it's a
multiplier oh my god plus a while though
come on let's fight okay dr. 20 spoons
tends to
welcome
from 34 damn it fucker
moving to this
that's still a whole lot of freakin
Smith's 20
so we'll probably get twenty dollars
thank you thank you we need thirty
dollars super cute
Richard
we're probably not going to get anything
I'm gonna be really negative right now
I hate the casino I take that back
they were halfway there
it's doing that keep doing that do it
again
too bad for us I hate listening to you
everybody hates me you're pointing right
the lady at the casino was really rude
to me though I mean Bible she was
military what are you three hours thank
God see I told you is because I said she
was really rude to meet you such a good
bench like we should get comps for
Howell Rouge
I was like where I'm gonna try to get
caught yeah and I'll be like oh sugar
right here it's because I said that we
go we're 24 with haha oh my gosh this is
the best day of our lives of our adult
life none of our childhood oh yes girls
fifteen dollars to shut the fuck up this
is freaking amazing and we still have
half of our spins left $24 oh my god
mother you have to believe I wish it we
have to leave after this I'm serious
adolf ish minutes took a buccal doubled
our money and they leveled it again it's
because the lady was so rude to us
Karma's a bitch isn't it
you've made some women can I get a drink
come on he left more give us more than
50 recheck I don't give a shit do
something amazing there we go a doll oh
my gosh keep it going eight times 16 if
we could do that again let's do it
oh yeah all day every day dragon whole
bunch of jade elephant come on now
you can do it i believe in you
overthrew say a little purple
I don't know the rest I don't it doesn't
even matter because we just won a
hundred forty dollars and we're still
going
still 240 we have 10 more spin can we
reach her again gently well probably if
we asked for a call if condition was so
rude sober she looks pretty good all I
was asking is about how the Machine
worked I don't know about casino the
shuttle work here do I look like I work
you I mean I look like I come here every
day I know in Jimmy Jim to the gym
two dollars like the Badgers 50 back
and healthy Cody are very more sense
yes more dragon come on
we once shame on you to notice one more
spin
163 long hair I don't even care
thank you catcher